DOC-2002: Added TINY-9510 to the release notes. (#2724)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Typography 1.1.3

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Typography** premium plugin.

**Advanced Typography** 1.1.3 includes one fix.

=== Fixed adding unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios.
//#TINY-9510

In previous versions of {productname}, the issue of adding an unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios was caused by an incorrectly written Regular Expression rule in the https://github.com/typograf[Typograf] library used by the Advanced Typography plugin. This led to the appearance of spaces between commas and quotes.

To fix this, {productname} updated the Regular Expression rule in the Typograf library. As a result, spaces between commas and quotes no longer appear.

> For information on the **Advanced Typography** plugin, see: xref:advanced-typography.adoc[Advanced Typography].
> [[accompanying-premium-plugin-end-of-life-announcement]]

Author: ```suggestion
For information on the **Advanced Typography** plugin, see: xref:advanced-typography.adoc[Advanced Typography].

[[accompanying-premium-plugin-end-of-life-announcement]]
```

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Typography 1.1.3

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Typography** premium plugin.

**Advanced Typography** 1.1.3 includes one fix.

=== Fixed adding unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios.
//#TINY-9510

In previous versions of {productname}, the issue of adding an unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios was caused by an incorrectly written Regular Expression rule in the https://github.com/typograf[Typograf] library used by the Advanced Typography plugin. This led to the appearance of spaces between commas and quotes.

> To fix this, {productname} updated the Regular Expression rule in the Typograf library. As a result, spaces between commas and quotes no longer appear.

Author: @brian-forte We might need to update this with a new ticket as this has been merged.

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Fixed adding unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios.
> //#TINY-9510
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the issue of adding an unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios was caused by an incorrectly written `regexp` rule in the typograf library for the Advanced Typography plugin. This led to the appearance of spaces between commas and quotes.
> 
> To fix this, {productname}, updated the `regexp` in the typograf library. As a result, spaces between commas and quotes no longer appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Fixed adding unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios.
//#TINY-9510

In previous versions of {productname}, the issue of adding an unnecessary space after a comma and before a quote in several scenarios was caused by an incorrectly written Regular Expression rule in the https://github.com/typograf[Typograf] library used by the Advanced Typography plugin. This led to the appearance of spaces between commas and quotes.

To fix this, {productname} updated the Regular Expression rule in the Typograf library. As a result, spaces between commas and quotes no longer appear.
```
Copy-edits.

Also, this isn’t a TinyMCE fix. It is a fix to the [Typography plugin](https://github.com/tinymce/typography/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

It goes in the _Accompanying Premium Plugin changes_ section, in an _Advanced Typography_ sub-section.

Author: @brian-forte Good pickup, ill move the content to the required section
